==TODO
	appcache-ify
	switching sound (404)

	embedded fallback if failure of AJAX grab wordlists
	number of letters in randomized words respects number of players selected 
	optional server repeater so players can hook in and receive notifications of events, maybe comms

	master deadline/alarm (so everyone gets home on time and has time to help clean up)
	round limiting,
	change-sides announcement,
		interval, double countdown or require ACK.

	atmospheric sound and/or musical soundtrack
	optional consumption of Text-to-speech RESTful service (if internet available)
		http://www.technorms.com/980/top-10-web-based-services-for-text-to-speech-conversion

	alpha/bravo team:
		naming (default "alpha", "bravo")
		color selection
		password setting (at beginning of game) and password entry/checking after game is in motion
		scorekeeping
		limited resource consumption tracking
		randomized membership (number off individuals, console assigns random, even-as-possible teams by number)
	talleys
		limited resource consumption
		scores
	redo time randomization for timelimit in 5% increments * totaltimelimit level of randomness

	webcam QR code read on interval. 
		Credit points to the team whose QR code is in place. (KotH mechanism)
		individual bandannas with TEAM#.PLAYER# code in them, once read, that player is truly out, recorded and announced. Before that time, bandanna is recoverable and restorable to player.
	password/secret key set and entry check to see if player "infiltrated and stole the key" or "hacked" successfully. This would require the defending team to fairly have the password in a physical document and protected. each player has one letter on their person. each team can have a keyword. or gamemaster can hide letter clues ahead of time. Variation on CTF, really.

	Twitter integration: matchup invitations? or match outcomes announcements? or some kind of sentiment analysis/trending key type of thing that somehow generates a goal




==DONE
	AJAX grab wordlists
	fieldset with legend for randomizing buttons, remove the word "random" from the button texts
	Maybe a swipable list of classic game types (CTF,KOTH,DM,VIP,deCode,texas flag hunt, borg/assimilation,LARP) and brief canonical rulesets.
	readme, license, robots.txt
	dictionary of 5-letter words
